welcome to slash forward i had no idea i
was going to be tying my brain up in
knots this week but here we are
watching the others starring nicole
kidman for research purposes be sure to
hit the like button when we reach the
part of the movie where you figured the
whole thing out let's get to it
we open on a shriek of anguish the
result of an unseen nightmare with neri
a moment to compose herself grace is
then descended upon by a party calling
to take audience with the lady of the
house
they introduce themselves as mrs mills
mr tuttle and young lydia the mute
and they've come to inquire about the
need for quick replacements of the
service staff for the house who left the
prior week suddenly and with no notice
grace quickly takes control of the
situation shows them around while
uprising them of the daily schedule
the primary rules never open a door
without closing the prior door first
and try to keep the noise to a minimum
due to her migraines
after sending off mr tuttle to tend to
the grounds she intends to introduce the
ladies to her children but first she
likes to
set the mood right and then carefully
awakes them for their morning prayers
she then presents ann and nicholas who
we learn both have the sun sickness and
are to be kept in near total darkness at
all times
in a trial by fire mrs mills is
immediately tasked with serving up
breakfast while the children ponder
whether daddy will ever be returning
from the cursed war
then the children argue about whether or
not mommy went mad the other week when
everyone left
you know typical kid stop mrs mills is
then confronted about the fact the mail
did not go out the prior week which
means her posting for help was never
published mrs mills admits that they had
just arrived looking for work
and came here because they had served
the house years before she wanted to
tell her but grace was just so
bossy she was never able to get a word
in edgewise they then pop out of the
darkness
and grace warns about the children's
strange and fantastical ideas
something she is not a huge fan of
preferring to stay grounded instead
to that end she transitions to the
morning's biblical lessons
in which she admonishes anne for
rationally concluding she would have
lied to the romans to keep her head
affixed upon her shoulders
but you see that lie would then lead to
an eternity in limbo
she then splits them up for their next
assignment of imagining how awful
infinity must be then as grace attempts
to pump mrs mills for the juicy gossip
about lydia's muteness
she's distracted by the faint sound of
wailing in the distance
she runs off to find soft young nicholas
but he's all good
so she goes to ann instead who is
similarly not crying
and suggests it was the boy victor who
had been there but she told to piss off
so she could finish her studies
she then goes into great detail about
him and the others who have been viewing
the house
the sort of fictional flight of fancy
for which her mother has no tolerance
but when she goes to leave an open door
you know what that means
her ringing the help regarding the
dereliction of their duties of course
at night anne shows nicholas that victor
has been opening the curtains like a
mischievous little devil
unfortunately he refuses to show himself
she then has an
unnerving conversation with him but we
never see her mouth to verify if she's
the one making the voice
and before we can find closure nicholas
loses his nerve and calls in mommy who's
driven to her wits end
as they argue about the ethics of
keeping up this story and demonstrates
that she has a greater mastery of the
scriptures than her mother
resulting in a surprised pikachu face as
punishment she's forced to recite
passages from the bible
which really just kind of widens the gap
further and starts to creep out mrs
mills
we learned the punishment was to do this
until she's ready to ask the version for
forgiveness
to that end she's been on the stairs for
three days now
grace then turns her focus on lydia who
pounds around
unnecessarily whilst cleaning which mrs
mills agrees to address with her but
then when lydia seems to take a running
slide into a bookcase
[Music]
grace decides to take matters into her
own hands but is startled to find both
ladies outside her window
but so then who she asks and who doesn't
know what to do because she's already
being punished for telling the truth but
she ends up pointing mother in the
direction of the junk room she finds the
room to basically be their ghost storage
and pokes around although it's not clear
what she expects to find
she's startled by whispering but then
its sources go off in various directions
grace now insists the house is occupied
and anne shares a helpful picture she
made of the family she's seen
she then orders the help to go with her
to methodically clear the home room by
room
drawing curtains and checking every bare
corner all grace manages to find are
some crusty old photos she tries to
match them up but
anne's artwork is just not good enough
also when she shows a photo album to mrs
mills it's identified as the book of the
dead
photos of the deceased meant to relieve
guilt by hoping the souls live on
through the portraits
so it's unlikely their intruders are
contained therein
as a result grace takes to lounging with
the shoddy nearby
and invites mrs mills to share stories
about her prior experiences at the house
it was a good time for her but the
family moved away and the house
eventually just became vacant grace goes
to apologize for being so hard on anne
which counts even if the recipient is
unconscious
nick then inquires about when daddy's
coming home from the war grace suspects
it'll be
soon but then goes to have a cry because
in reality
the war is over and she's had no word of
his whereabouts but she snapped out of
her melancholy by music emanating from
the piano room she ventures in
cautiously ready to bust
but finds no one there the door seems to
have a curious tendency to close on its
own and sometimes slam in your face
she calls down mrs mills for the keys
and enters again to find the piano
undone
she is convinced now that there is some
diabolical entity of unrest within the
house and is disturbed
to discover that she gets no resistance
from mrs mills who wholeheartedly
believes in stories of the beyond
she thinks that sometimes the worlds of
the living and the dead get crisscrossed
in aberration that spits in the face of
god which grace can barely tolerate
having been so long now since having a
visit from the priest she requires his
company
and blessings on her way out she tasks
mr tuttle with searching the grounds for
gravestones
instead the help gets together to talk
about their mistresses eccentricities
when do you think we should bring all
this out into the open
will you crust the old codgers what are
you up to out on the road the fall grows
so dense there's little chance of
finding her way to town or anywhere for
that matter but through it all she finds
herself face to face with her charles
and she gives huge props to jesus for
making this good fortune come to pass
they make their way back to the estate
surprising everyone the children are
delighted at their father's return but
despite the general excitement he does
not come across as enthusiastic as they
at dinner they try to delineate between
the baddies and the goodies in the war
and the kids discover that with charles
now returned
mom is back on her there are no
intruders thing not expecting this twist
and pushes too hard while looking for
affirmation
and gets sent to a room but along the
way she's intercepted by mrs mills who
admits that she's seen the family and
she's just biding her time until grace
sees them as well
promising there are big surprises on the
horizon she then goes out to the
groundskeeper's shack where she relays
this change in grace's attitude to the
others this
poses a problem in regards to the
enacting of their agenda
whatever that may be the next day we
find anne outfitted in her special
communion dress
like a perfect little bride of the lord
grace leaves her in her room to enjoy
some solitary play time as she goes to
see if she can convince charles to try
to just stop
being so sad she returns to have ann
remove the dress and notices that she's
aged
significantly since their last visit
what have you done with my daughter
are you mad i am your daughter but she
knows better and thrashes that old [ __ ]
only to discover that that gnarly old
[ __ ] was in the whole time
in the shock of this moment mrs mills
sees an opportunity to try to interject
and guide the situation
however this breach of the hierarchy of
authorities snaps grace out of her
stupor
she returns to her room where charles
begins to ask her about the day the
servants left which anne told him about
grace doesn't give much detail other
than to insist she would never hurt the
children
then charles claims he only returned to
say goodbye because he has to get back
out to the front lines
despite that whole matter of the
unconditional surrender grace laments
that she pushed him away by being
insufficient to satisfy his needs
and they find themselves momentarily
rejuvenated in the fleshly delights
but when she wakes up he's gone again
before she can say
boo ann wakes up screaming when grace
arrives it dawns on her that the sun is
risen and the curtains in their room are
completely gone
so she wraps her children in her jacket
and tries to find a safe spot in the
house
eventually she gets a window blocked off
with a chalkboard they seem to be okay
with regards to the sunlight but are
then devastated to learn that father has
left again grace does her best to accost
the help about the matter of the
curtains but everyone seems to be
playing it very coyly
and also suggests that perhaps the
children may have grown out of their
photo sensitivity
it's not clear what they're playing at
here but grace confounds whatever plans
they may have
by drawing down on them taking the keys
and forcing them to leave
they head out indicating it's now time
to bring their plan to fruition as grace
goes searching for those damn
curtains this goes on well into the
night bored with waiting and decides to
take a downspout to ground level to go
look for her father
and nicholas follows along as grace
searches the servant's quarters she
finds an entry for the book of the dead
that contains her faithful servants
and at that same time anne has stumbled
upon the gravestones which are adorned
with their names
recognizing now that they are ghosts she
convinces nicholas to run
they meet up with grace in the front
before locking themselves inside the
house
mrs mills tries to tell grace more about
the house now and confirms they just
want to learn to live together she
points out that even if they leave the
intruders surely won't
so why don't they all just hang out and
see about making it work
meanwhile the children are hiding away
in a wardrobe upstairs when they hear a
strange breathing sound and are
confronted by the scary old lady
grace hears their screams and runs up to
find some hep cats hanging out around a
table and asking the children about what
happened when the matter of a pillow was
brought up
is that how she killed you she starts
asking them about why they choose to
remain in the house
if dead the easy answer here is that
they are not dead which they insist
emphatically and they try to bang up as
much noise and commotion as possible in
order to convince them
at which point the perspective is
flipped to reveal the table group is
performing a seance
and are the victims of a fairly thorough
albeit unintentional
haunting by our protagonists they
determine that they shall dispense from
the grounds with their son victor
first thing in the morning now that the
veil has been pulled back grace recounts
her memory of the aforementioned pillow
incident in which she killed her
children before turning a gun on herself
out of guilt for what she did
this resulted in a sudden and unexpected
return of the children who she found
playing in their room as though nothing
happened
now that she gets it mrs mills offers
some tea and reassures her that
intruders will come and go over the
years
and they may not even always know
they're there but they can remain in the
house forever
this hits her ear nicely and she commits
to claiming the house as their own so
they can enjoy the sunshine whiling away
in limbo for eternity
the others really hits different and is
a very enjoyable mystery it has great
atmosphere and is highly rewatchable
even if you know how it turns out
there's a lot to dig into to see how it
feels after knowing the big reveal
little details like anne turning into
the old lady which actually represents
her possessing the medium in the world
of the living there's also charles's
wayward shell-shocked soul
randomly wandering around and
occasionally finding himself back at
familiar locations like his old estate
among many other things before we go i'd
like to give huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
as an fyi i have a website set up where
you can support the channel through
donations or merch
any donation unlocks uncensored movie
reviews of life force and under the skin
with others to be added over time if you
enjoyed the video i'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching